hi I heard voices you must be Chandler
hi nice to meet you nice to meet you too
so ready to go yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
which handler I'll be right with you
Kathy needs a safer place
why because pervy her person over here
can't stop staring at her Chandler but
she's our cousin I was not staring at
her okay I was just listening intently
it's called being a good
conversationalist watch Thanks
you were staring about eight inches
south of there fine she can stay at my
place
by the way what does Cassie even look
like now she looks exactly like Aunt
Marilyn hmm
so that Marilyn did she come to the
wedding wait for tonight
[Music]
taxi it's been slow long last time I saw
you you were setting up your tent in
line to see Return of the Jedi oh it was
right and so so you did see me that day
because it seemed like you didn't yeah
sorry about that okay come come on in
thanks for letting me stay here
I mean Monica's place was nice but her
fiancé sure stares a lot
[Music]
you
oh my god you do a great Chandler oh I
have the knack for impressions well
maybe after we get reacquainted you can
do me yeah
you